docs/frontend-system: update remaining documentation section for 1.30 release (#26044)
backstage/backstage: docs/frontend-system/building-apps/01-index.md

### Customize or override built-in extensions

> Previously you would customize the application route, components, apis, sidebar, etc. through the code in `App.tsx`. Now we want you to write less code and install more extensions to customize your Backstage instance. See the [extension blueprints](../building-plugins/03-common-extension-blueprints.md) section for a list of common extension kinds that are available for you to customize and extend your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously you would customize the application routes, components, apis, sidebar, etc. through the code in `App.tsx`. Now we want to allow the same thing to be achieved while writing less code and instead installing more extensions to customize your Backstage instance. See the [extension blueprints](../building-plugins/03-common-extension-blueprints.md) section for a list of common extension kinds that are available for you to customize and extend your application.
```
